The Joe Rogan experience. Now,
this thing that you did when you walked across Antarctica, um,
very impressive, incredible,
but I'm sure you've seen the national geographic article about you.
And they said that there was another man from,
was it Norway that had done it already?
That wasn't the first time someone had gone across Antarctica.
He had gone actually a further distance. Yeah.
So something I've been talking about super openly, including in my book,
which is a net to your article, you know, it's a little bit unfortunate. Um,
I actually just published a 16 page letter, um, um,
asking NatGeo to retract the entire article.
And the reason it's 16 pages is unfortunately the entire article they wrote is
just so riddled with inaccuracies and kind of misrepresentations and omissions,
um, that, you know, we had to kind of ask them, say, Hey, look, you know,
you kinda got this wrong. I was never properly interviewed for it.
But one of the things you're talking about, this guy, Borg, Auslan,
this Norwegian guy, absolute freaking legend. So what this guy did,
um, in 1996, so, you know, 20, some years before that, I attempted my crossing,
his, he crossed Antarctica, um, from the edge of the coastline,
crossed the ice shelf all the way across the landmass,
across the other ice shelf, um, roughly 1800 miles.
And what he used to propel himself was he used the kite, um,
for a good portion of the time. And it's an absolute extraordinary project.
And what's really weird about sort of this national geographic article.
A number of senses is one of the premises of it was saying, you know,
Colin never talked about Borg Auslan.
Like he never talked about him in his book. He never mentioned it.
He never this and in my book,
which is really bizarre and why we're asking for a retraction,
cause it's just really ineffectual was that, you know,
here I am on page 49 of my book, literally it says the Norwegian adventure,
Borgen Auslan in many ways define the terrain of astonishing modern Antarctic
feats becoming the first person across Antarctica solo.
When you traveled 1800 miles in 63 days from 19 96, 9 97,
not only did he cross the entire landmass of Antarctica,
but he also crossed the full Ron and Ross ice shelf from the ocean's edge.
Allison's expedition has deeply inspired me and it was unsupported any hauled,
all of his food and fuels with no resupplies. So it was weird.
It was like the journalist like wrote this article,
read my book and I had done,
I don't know a lot of there's a lot of speculation. Um,
I had did this big project in the film project around the row is with discovery.
I don't know if it was coming out discovery or whatever, but it's,
it's really bizarre. We,
we could talk about all the different kind of fine points of that,
but the big distinction and like, I'll say it I've said it,
shout it from the route rooftops, but I'll say it here again.
Borga Auslan is absolutely incredible. Like I'm an of the guy,
what he did in 96 is phenomenal. That's why I write about it in my book.
That's why I've written about it on my social.
The day after I finished my crossing, I wrote about it on there as well.
And I said, wow, so many people have inspired me.
I'm standing on the shoulders of giants. The only way I was able to do this.
This has impossible first. Right? So he did it first. Right?
So the difference is,
is there's kind of two really specific distinctions in the world of polar travel
there's unsupported, which means not using,
I'm not using a guy getting, sorry, not getting resupplied with food or fuel.
Like I was talking about with the food and then there's unassisted,
which means not using anything to propel you other than your own body.
So that's called human powered alone. So what he did is considered assisted,
um, in that he used a kite, but he was able to go twice the distance of me,
which is amazing. So he cried. How.
Often did he use the kite?
Because what I had read that he had only used the kite and a few instances where
the wind was, right? So.
That's another one of the things that the national geographic article, um,
unfortunately got wrong.
And in my 16 page letter that anyone can read it's on my website,
calling a braided.com/blog letter to not geo where it's linked to my Instagram.
Um, it's not like a, he said, he said thing where I'm like, oh, Hey,
this got wrong.
It's just actually a really kind of documented in source document that has links
to everything. Um,
and one of the links that shows his actually his entire kind of project
afterwards in the aftermath of him talking about it, including talking about,
um, with para wing, which was the, one of his sponsors,
the guys who actually built a manufactured, the kite.
And they're talking about how he used it for about at least a third of his
journey, six, 600 or so miles. Um, as well as, you know,
he was able to use the kite going 125 miles in a single day. Um, which is,
like I said, it's amazing.
It's really incredible what he did in the time that he did it.
It's just really kind of an apples and oranges comparison when it comes to polar
travel and the distinctions of that, um.
Further, but he used some assistance. Yeah. So there's.
Basically these different distinctions in the world of polar travel.
And that's another one of the things again, um,
I'm not sure how they got this wrong. I, uh, in,
in the link on the 16 page thing,
I showed the text message when the journalists asked me, well,
tell me about these definitions of unsupported and unassisted. Um,
and I sent him the link and there's these links it's kind of published thing on
this website called Antarctica logistics, um,
and expeditions the main sort of expedition, um, facilitator,
the person who like runs logistics down there. It's very clear.
Unsupported means no use of resupplies on assisted means no use of kites or
dogs. And so the thing that I did solo, um,
that people I guess have gotten somewhat confused about at first was I was the
first person to cross the land. Massive Antarctica,
solo unsupported, no Risa pies and unassisted, no kites.
What Borg Auslan did is he was the first person to cross Antarctica,
not just the landmass, but also the ice shelf.
So there's frozen ocean on these ice shelves. Um,
so from the coast cross the ice shelf across the landmass and across the other
ice shelf. And no one yet,
including myself has ever done a solo unsupported,
unassisted crossing of both the landmass and the ice shelves.
I hope someone does it, man. It'll be amazing.
I had 375 pounds sled and I almost ran out of food at the end,
crossing the landmass. Um, and, uh, if, uh,
you'd need maybe a 600 pound or something like that,
or maybe more optimized food solution that no one's thought of yet,
but hasn't been done yet. How big was Auslan sled? Similar size to me.
So he was out there for, I think he was out there for 63 days roughly.
I was out there for 54 days. So we were not out there a lot different. Oh.
Okay. So the sled really did make a big difference that if he's going that much
further than you. Exactly. Exactly. Okay. So,
so one more time you were out there. How many days? I was out there 54 days.
And he was out there 63 days. Okay. That's not that.
Right. And so he, like I said,
on some of the days he talks about it openly that he went,
he does it in kilometers, but if you calculate back to miles,
like 125 miles in a 15 hour period of time, that's unfathomable,
just walking, pulling a sled, they're just two different things.
It's like the difference between sailing across an ocean and rowing a boat
across the ocean. Do you think national.
Geographic got that wrong then? Because the way they wrote it, it was, you know,
they made it look like you're just a fame. And that, you know,
there was a bunch of other explorers and outdoors people that were in support of
the fact that Auslan was the only one, the first one to do it.
They didn't make this distinction. And they actually made it seem as if this,
the sled was an ingenious solution,
but it seems like that was a planned thing. And that was an engineered thing.
And that it wasn't something that he built up on the fly.
This was the method that they use to help him get across the state. No, totally.
And like I said, if you look in the letter that I wrote,
it's got links to the actual, the manufacturer,
they kind of talk about it as being this elegant solution is like,
you put a kite up randomly, Hey, I got an idea,
but it's like a fully manufactured thing. It's a legit kite. And like I said,
this is not me knocking on that.
I actually think that project it's one of the project that inspired me the most
to do what I did. It is amazing. It sounds. Can we.
See what Auslan does? Is there any photograph of Iceland's kite?
I want to see what it looks like. Yeah.
It's whenever someone does something extraordinary,
like there's no doubt just what you did. 50, how many days again? 54 days alone.
crazy. It's crazy for anybody to on that is nuts. So,
and you're the first one that's ever done it,
just pulling that thing and you showed us what it was like last time you were
here. Totally. And some of the areas where you had to pull it,
it seems like an insane physical. Totally.
I mean, so yeah, it was, uh,
it definitely tested me to the edges of my potential.
There was many times that it felt impossible.
I think we talked about it last time,
but the second chapter of my book is called frozen tears because on the first
hour trying to pull my sled through, into 75 pounds,
fully loaded a food and fuel, I started crying. Like I literally started crying.
The tears are freezing in my face is the all type pathetic feeling. I mean,
it was really, really brutal and really challenging. And you,
one of the things for sure, in the national geographic article, they're not,
they're not disputing that I did this.
There's not like they're saying you didn't walk 932 miles by herself across the
Antarctica.
Grudgingly gave you credit for doing something really freaky.
They also didn't mention the difference between the time it took you to travel
that and the time it took Auslan to travel a far greater distance or that he
used that kite to go more than a hundred miles in a day. Yeah.
Those are pretty big important.
Totally. And I think that, yeah, uh,
hopefully you can pull up a picture of the Alison cut with the kite. Um, it, uh,
it's, it's LinkedIn there finding.
His specific there. I find in kites. They're not with Tilly him. Yeah.
There should be. Yeah. We'll.
Find it in a second, but you know, it's, uh, like I said,
it's unfortunate thing. Um, you know, I wrote this letter,
the editor of national geographic actually responded to the reviewing it,
you know, I think they're going to hopefully do the right thing.
The facts are pretty clear on this one, them, but just explaining it here.
Here it is. Here's the, yeah.
Okay. Yeah. That's a big difference. It's a big kite. Yeah.
I'm sure that has a lot of power behind it too.
And I bet that really helped him. Totally. And she can ski with those things,
like the fact that he's got skis on and he's getting
pulled by that kite. I mean, you're gliding. Yeah.
You're not propelling yourself. They're both really cool.
Things are just different that Jamie going back to that, look,
he doesn't have poles in his hands. No.
He's just holding onto the kite being pulled along by it.
So he's probably strapped that kite. Yeah. It's.
Like, if you imagine like a kite board, like a kiteboarding on the water,
something.
Like that, strapped at the waist he's holding on to that, that kite,
but it's pulling him while he's on skis. Yes.
Whereas what you did was pull with trekking pole.
Yeah. Trekking poles and, uh, you know, cross country skis with skins,
but just to give me tracks. So I didn't sink too deep in the snow,
but I'm just walking basically just pulling it with my own body.
He's not doing that. That's a different thing. I'm sure.
I'm sure there was times where he had to walk, right?
Yeah. Yeah. He man hauled for parts of it as well, like a significant distance.
But a lot of it, when the wind was with him, you know,
he put up his kite and pulled along and.
That he was able to go more than a hundred miles in a day. Makes me go,
wait a minute. What? Yeah, come on. That's a different thing.
Totally different thing. That's a different thing.
National geographic to not recognize that,
that that's a different thing that he can go on the snow pulling 300 pounds,
more than a hundred miles at a hundred. And how many.
He went 125 and one time in 15 hours. ridiculous. Yeah.
That's it totally different thing. Completely. Completely national.
Geographic. Jesus Christ. Yeah. I mean they should,
they should have been really clear about that.
Cause they were trying to make it out like some elegant solution that he
casually use, not big deal,
but what he really did was it made what he did was amazing.
There's no doubt about that.
What we just saw in that image of him getting polled by that giant
kite on skis,
strapped to this harness with all the weight behind him,
also being pulled by that giant kite, that's a different thing.
124 miles in a day pulling 300 plus pounds,
get the outta here. It's hard to walk hundred and 24 miles in a day.
Let alone got nothing on your bed.
Zach bidder who holds the American world record for the fastest 24
hours ever run,
ran it full clip at 11 hours,
he ran a hundred miles. Wow.
So 124 miles in 15 minutes while dragging hours,
hundreds of pounds or 50 minutes, I'd say 15 minutes, 15 hours,
124 miles while dragging hundreds of pounds of
gear all in 15 hours is insane.
That's insane.
If Zach bidder can run a hundred miles in 11 hours and break
a world record or set a world record or American record American record.
Yeah. That's a crazy record. Yeah. A hundred miles in 11 hours.
It's crazy running.
And that guy did 124 with hundreds of pounds of gear in a sled and 15 hours.
Exactly. That's a different thing. It's two different things, man.
And so road record correction. Yeah. Zach, I want to go back. Yeah. Zach,
when the
American record first and then he broke the world record in his latest attempt.
Zach bitter is a monster. Yeah. Shout out to Zach. Um,
but him being able to do that running is
incredible.
That guy being able to go further in just four
hours longer pulling hundreds of pounds of gear, come on,
national geographic. They're just two different. That's a different,
and it's not unimpressive. It's incredibly impressive. And that guy has
steel resolve to be able to do that and get all the way across the ice shelves
and all that that he had to do. Absolutely.
And I mean, the biggest thing for me is unfortunately,
that was portrayed in a certain way.
I don't know if it wasn't fact-checked or what that, but like for me,
the whole purpose of any of this,
the whole purpose of writing the book and sharing it with the world and being
on, you know, talking to people, you know, few of your podcasts or whatever,
like my whole goal is to inspire other people to step outside of their comfort
zones, do things in their life, challenge themselves. Like this is not about me.
It's not, not, not just in the best, maybe.
A little bit about you. You wrote a book. I like it. I have you in the book. No,
I have not really. No that surprises me.
I started writing a book at one point in time, but I had, uh,
I had a deal with a book publisher and the notes were so brutal.
I gave him the money back.
They didn't like it. They wanted me.
To write essentially the way I write,
stand up and want to need it to be like set up punchline, set up punchline.
I was like, this is not how you're right. Things guys.
Like they wanted the intonation of the voice and they actually wanted to take my
standup. They offered to just take my stand-up and transcribe it into a book.
And I said, I'd never do that. And they're like, well, George Carlin did it.
I go it's because he owed the IRS a billion dollars. Come on, man. George,
if you asked George was a good idea, but he would say, no, you know,
he needed money. George Carlin was like deep in the hole with the IRS.
He did a lot of things. I'm sure he didn't want to do. Yeah.
But that doesn't mean it's a good idea to write it. Well, I'll.
Tell you, I have walked across the land mass of America by myself.
I've wrote a boat, I've done some other crazy in my life,
but the hardest thing I've ever done is write.
A book. Yes, man.
It really was. You know, I'm, I'm proud of, I'm proud of the outcome. You know,
I really poured my heart and soul into it, but it was challenged.
I've been journaling since was a little kid like since I was 12 years old.
So going back through all my journals and thinking about, you know,
there's the Antarctica piece of this, but at the subtitles, from fire to ice.
So I talk about, you know, being burned in this fire in Thailand being told,
I would never walk again. Normally we go and throw all these pieces of my life.
But one of the things that happened when I was in an article,
which it was interesting to me,
maybe you'll find it interesting is as I was out there by myself in this empty
white landscape, 24 hours a day light, endless white nothingness,
my mind started filling in with all of these memories.
So I deleted almost all my music. I'm in silence. I'm a full solitude. And like,
if I said to you, Hey Joe, remember the day you graduated from high school.
And like, someone's going to pop in your mind right now.
We're going to keep talking and you're going to move on from that.
But when I was walking out there by myself, someone would pop my head like, Hey,
Colin,
remember that your first swim race when you were a little kid and all of a
sudden, like, I'd be back there.
Like I could like dive in and I could see my mom on the edge of the pool deck
and this, you know, the winds blowing across my face.
And I can see the kid next to me and I can taste the chlorine in my mouth.
I mean, visceral memories,
like a lucid dream were coming back to me throughout for weeks and weeks
and weeks at a time. So the book itself, it reads about Antarctica,
but it intersperses the way my experience wasn't Antarctica,
which was actually going back in through my life and this kind of tapestry of
more visceral memories and flashbacks,
other expeditions in childhood and the ups and downs in my personal life.
And kind of all of these things kind of conspiring into one, but it was,
it was wild to go deep into the brain like that. I'm sure.
Yeah.
We should probably point out we've had a podcast before in this podcast that we
did before was right after you got back from this journey in Antarctica and you
described the whole thing in Thailand,
you'd start getting burned and how you never thought you were gonna walk again
and yeah. All that stuff. So we should tell people, so stop. Right. Pause,
go back, come back here again. Um, what did,
did it upset you when the national geographic article came out? Like,
what did you see? Like, well, they just got it wrong. Let me,
let me straighten them out. You know, it's.
One of those things. Um,
I'd be curious to hear your perspective on kind of media and stuff like this.
You've been around, you know, doing type of stuff like me more longer than me,
but it, you know, it hurt my feelings obviously. And I was kind of just,
it was bizarre because it was so factually inaccurate and national geographic is
a, you know,
a magazine or an outlet that I've looked up to throughout my entire life.
It's just like a really beautiful, um, platform. And so I was just surprised.
I was surprised that I was never asked for a proper long form interview of this.
I was surprised that I was never contacted by a proper fact checker.
There was just some things that were just like weird, not a place. And you know,
I guess it was a freelancer. I don't, again,
I don't know the whole story behind it. Um, but uh.
If I had to guess, look,
there's very little in like praising people.
There's a whole lot and taking people down. Yeah.
If they could find that you did something that you, uh,
did something incorrect or you lied about something or exaggerated about
something, I mean, they made you out to be a liar. I mean,
I read it and I was like, wow, like they're, they're saying he's a liar.
They're saying how much of it is fiction? Yeah. Literally said fiction.
But how much of could be fiction if you,
really did walk before days? Not only that, the.
Kind of weird parts about it is not only that,
but I also had a GPS on me the entire time. It was completely transparent.
Every 10th, 10 minutes,
the entire journey we're live for to see the New York times covered it.
They had my GPS tracker up live.
The map of my route is in the first page of my book, let alone online 24 7.
There's been hundreds of articles written about this by outlets who have fact
checked and research or whatever. So for natural to make all those claims,
it's like saying like Collin,
somehow tricked every person ever from every news outlet.
That's covered this. In fact, checked it and reported on it.
And editors as a book. And there's some hacked his Jeep. I mean,
it's like a crazy conspiracy, weird like kind of stuff because.
Everyone, how do you say his name, Auslan house that Auslan had done it.
Everybody knew that Allison had done it.
Maybe they just didn't understand the details of it.
So they started complaining, Hey, he didn't do it. First Auslan did it first.
And this guy's like, I got a story. So he goes to try to go after you,
but then realizes, oh, it's kind of, he kind of did it first,
but the other guy did it. Well, let's just say that the kite was cool.
They had a cool kite.
Even weirder things like in the first paragraph or second paragraph of the
entire article,
he takes a quote from page 50 of my book and a quote from page
214 of my book and puts them in,
parses them together as if they're a single statement. And I'm like,
there are about two completely different things that I'm talking about.
And you're like, dude, that's why people do, man. You.
Want to sell dirt? You know? Or he says like.
Colin made up this thing about no rescue zones.
No one's ever written about the fact of Inanna.
Carney talks about me getting picked up in Antarctica. Like I can call an Uber.
He literally says in there, use a somebody else. Else's quote says, I mean,
getting picked up in Antarctica is like calling an Uber, which is by itself,
just really says that in the article, which is just crazy. That's hilarious.
Try getting an Uber in the woods in Montana.
I'm like Uber. And then the craziest thing. And again, it's so crazy.
My response to this is just factual. It's it's not, you know, it's,
it's I just try to not be too defensive or anything about it,
but it's just the good.
News is this will reach way more people than that. Yeah.
But I would say one last thing about it.
The irony of this is if you Google Borg Auslan in 2018,
right after 2019, right after I finished my crossing,
he's interviewed about all of this and in a quote and I linked to this in my,
you know, my letter, it, him saying there are parts of Antarctica,
particularly in the large history zoned,
which is exactly where I was talking about where rescue is impossible. Like he,
the guy who used against me is also quoted saying the other thing,
but then he says, it's like, the whole thing is just, you know, it's crazy.
There's.
So much money and on someone. That's, that's what it is. I'm sure.
Trying to keep my head die while I'm sure this guy wrote that articles,
probably a little bit of a hater, you know, probably saw you and like the,
this guy, it's the world we live.
In. Unfortunately I try to, you know, keep my head up. Like I said,
I wrote this book to inspire other people to step outside of their comfort
zones, doing, see things too. Right. I.
Got paid for it as well. I got, what's also like, what's that like, no,
you definitely don't get paid. You should get paid for.
The whole thing.
But the fact that they're trying to diminish what you did.
And when you really did do,
was walk by yourself for 54 days through Antarctica.
And then one of the things he was even saying something about it was on a road
and I'm like, Hey, why don't you walk dragon 300 pounds on a road? Like,
does that matter? Everything's covered in snow and ice like road is this,
there's basically this.
A 300 mile stretch. It's the last third of my, part of my journey,
which by the way, was on my GPS, which by the way, I talk about my book,
which by the way,
I widely acknowledged and it's called the south pole Overland traverse.
And so the south pole station, the U S mill or sorry,
the U S research station that's at the south pole was resupplied, um,
throughout the summer season from the coast. And they drive this kind of, um,
a bunch of tractors, basically up this area called the lever at glacier.
And it's not like a paved road.
This is them driving over ice and snow and neck filling and crevasses along the
way, et cetera.
And there's some tire tracks and some flagging that are out there.
So first of all, I've traveled,
already traveled almost 600 miles without any of that.
And then as I get there and we know this is part of it,
and I've talked about widely with all the polar experts,
all of the people that make the classifications and unassisted refer
specifically to kites and dogs.
And they're trying to make this claim that the road somehow, quote, unquote,
Eric, big air quotes road, basically some rutted up tracks in the snow. Um,
you know, I'm, I'm out there on a paved road.
There's not a paved road out there. And the thing is Antarctica is so brutal.
We showed some clips last time he's sitting at my tent and 50,
60 mile per hour winds that it was like, yeah, when that blows over,
imagine driving a tractor over snow and then 50, 60 mile an hour winds come in.
What do you think happens? It's blown over immediately.
So I never saw these tractors, never saw these vehicles. I remember I saw,
I saw some flags. Of course I saw some rutted tracks, but I linked to it on my,
so it's really.
Not much difference in walking on flat ground. No.
Not adult and still there's still, this is tricky there.
So there's still huge bumps of snow and all the, a lot of the time it was white.
I was completely whited out. I couldn't see five or 10 feet in front of me.
So it's not like I could, a lot of times these flags that were every a hundred,
400 meters, it's not like I'd even see those. So it's just a shame.
And I've been very transparent about the fact that I used that route.
It was the safest route.
It was the only route the logistic company wanted to support.
And it felt completely in the distinctions of what is known as
unassisted. And he kind of makes this claim about,
that's not true where people are rethinking that.
And one of the weird things is they're thinking it, right?
So they're there now because of some of this,
the polar community have gotten together after my project.
So my project squarely falls in the definitions as they were followed all of the
rules and all of this. Now, now they're sitting together and they're saying,
you know,
maybe we should rewrite some of these rules or make certain definitions
different, which by the way, if they want to change the rules,
that's totally fine. The problem is it would be like this.
This is with them calling me sort like a liar or something will be equivalent of
this. With the major league baseball got together and said, you know what,
all games and baseball are going to be 10 innings now instead of nine innings.
And all of those guys over the last hundred years that played 200 in a thousand
games or whatever who played nine innings, they cheated, they lied.
They didn't play the full game. Like they, you know, they're just like,
you know, they're there.
If they want to change whatever distinctions or classifications or stuff,
forward-looking great. And what.
Would the distinctions be that they would change that you can't do it on a road.
So I think they're trying to make it finer grain, which is like,
there would be like a kite distinction.
There would be a no support it's distinction.
There would be a distinction for using, you know, partial of a,
if there was a flagging or this like, you know, road,
which by the way is not a road to be clear, it's snow and ice.
It's like a restaurant. Um, I don't, I don't, there's a,
if.
At no point in time, was it like flat ground ice? And yeah.
No, we're a tractor. We might see like some wheels. And in fact, Lou, rod,
who's the other guy who I was racing out there in Antarctica.
He wrote a whole blog post about that's linked to in my letter. And you know,
of course Casey did the exact same thing as me, by the way,
the exact same thing, same distinction. Um, and, uh, you know,
I finished a couple days ahead of him,
but what he did was absolutely incredible as this is this race.
And we talk a lot about it in the book and a ton of respect for that guy as
well. It, a friend of mine and you know, he, you know, writes about this,
you know, quote unquote road or the south pole Overland traverses,
it's actually known. And he's like, it's rutted up tracks.
Like you couldn't even if in the parts where I saw tire tracks,
it's like actually worse than actually, cause you don't slide across it.
The snow is all, run it up. It's chunked up. It's actually like tripping.
You it's like even worse than hitting.
On broken ice versus powder. So this journalist and.
All these other people who are saying this,
this is not like they've been out there before.
So it's an attractive thing to say. Part of his journey was actually on a road.
You're like, oh.
That guy wrote in an article. Yeah. It sounds.
When you say part of it was on a road, it sounds like, like this is the road.
Oh, Christ. That's it. That's the road that,
that ain't really a road, man. That's just flat snow.
Exactly. And that would be like the best case.
Most of the time it's wind blowing across it.
Like that's on the perfect conditions. Perfect. Sunny day, I looked at.
It, the left and looked to the right. Like it doesn't make a difference.
It's the same. It's the same. Yeah. That's really deceptive that they,
they wrote that. Yeah, that's really deceptive because they made it seem like,
oh, and then he gets to the highway and he's just walking. It's like, Hey,
check it, put my thumb out. Like I'll pick up a bomb.
And he still went 54 days across Antarctica.
And I know they acknowledged that in a small way in the article,
but they really like just that,
just the description calling that a road like that is,
I mean sort of technically a road, there's no ground mat.
It's just all ice and snow. I don't see the ground. Exactly.
And like I said, I was transparent about it. That was my route.
Asked all the people there like, yep. You're within the rules.
You're doing the right thing. No one's ever done this before. And then,
you know.
Everybody's a hater. Yeah.
That's the world. You know, the expression. Tell me that.
Throw crabs in a bucket.
None of them ever get out because when they try to get out the other ones,
grab them and drag them down.
Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Or pile.
On top of each other. The little crabs. Yeah. Get in here with me.
I can't walk 54 days. You can either track onward.
Onward. Onward. Onward is nice, but man, it's really disturbing. Okay.